DOCS-561 Add URL Query Param auth method for rest API (#2037)
buildkite/docs: pages/apis/rest_api.md

> API access tokens allow to call the API without using your username and password. They can be created on your <a href="<%= url_helpers.user_access_tokens_url %>" rel="nofollow">API access tokens</a> page, limited to individual organizations and permissions, and revoked at any time from the web interface [or the REST API](/docs/apis/rest-api/access-token#revoke-the-current-token).

Reviewer: While we're here, let's fix the typo in this paragraph:

```suggestion
API access tokens allow you to call the API without using your username and password. They can be created on your <a href="<%= url_helpers.user_access_tokens_url %>" rel="nofollow">API access tokens</a> page, limited to individual organizations and permissions, and revoked at any time from the web interface [or the REST API](/docs/apis/rest-api/access-token#revoke-the-current-token).
```

> Authentication can be done with both HTTP headers and as a query parameter in a HTTP request.

Reviewer: Style: Let's use the active voice here. I think it would also be good to highlight that you'll do one or the other, not both.

```suggestion
You can include the access token in a request using either an HTTP header or a query parameter.
```

> To authenticate using a header token, set the <code>Authorization</code> HTTP header to the word <code>Bearer</code>, followed by a space, followed by the access token. For example:

Reviewer: While you're here, let's make this read a bit more smoothly:

```suggestion
To authenticate using a header token, set the <code>Authorization</code> HTTP header to the word <code>Bearer</code>, followed by a space, and then the access token. For example:
```

```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" https://api.buildkite.com/v2/user
```

> To authenticate using query parameters add `access_token=$TOKEN` to your query URL. For example:

Reviewer: Typo: Missing comma. Let's also make it singular since you'll only be using one token at a time.

```suggestion
To authenticate using a query parameter, add `access_token=$TOKEN` to your query URL. For example:
```
